Add Parallel Container Startup docs (#6415)
testcontainers/testcontainers-java: docs/features/advanced_options.md

    It is typically quite stable, though.

For what is possible, consult the [`docker-java CreateContainerCmd` source code](https://github.com/docker-java/docker-java/blob/3.2.1/docker-java-api/src/main/java/com/github/dockerjava/api/command/CreateContainerCmd.java).

## Parallel Container Startup

> Usually, containers are initially sequentially when more than one container are used. Using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, containers are started sequentially when more than one container is used.
```

> `Startables.deepStart(container1, container2, ...).join()` will start all containers in parallel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `Startables.deepStart(container1, container2, ...).join()` will start all containers in parallel. 
This can be advantageous to reduce the impact of the container startup overhead.
```
